Help mode (indicator Help) commands:

key             binding
---             -------

C-c		Prefix Command

TAB		forward-button
M-TAB		backward-button

RET		help-follow
  (that binding is currently shadowed by another mode)
ESC		Prefix Command
<backtab>	backward-button
<mouse-2>	help-follow-mouse

C-c C-b		help-go-back
C-c C-f		help-go-forward
C-c C-c		help-follow-symbol



View minor mode (indicator View) commands:

key     binding
---     -------

H, h, ? This message.
Digits	provide prefix arguments.
-	negative prefix argument.
<	move to the beginning of buffer.
>	move to the end of buffer.
o	scroll so that buffer end is at last line of window.
SPC	scroll forward "page size" lines.
	  With prefix scroll forward prefix lines.
DEL	scroll backward "page size" lines.
	  With prefix scroll backward prefix lines.
z	like  SPC  but with prefix sets "page size" to prefix.
	w	like  DEL  but with prefix sets "page size" to prefix.
d	scroll forward "half page size" lines.  With prefix, sets
	  "half page size" to prefix lines and scrolls forward that much.
u	scroll backward "half page size" lines.  With prefix, sets
	  "half page size" to prefix lines and scrolls backward that much.
RET, LFD  scroll forward one line.  With prefix scroll forward prefix line(s).
y	scroll backward one line.  With prefix scroll backward prefix line(s).
F	revert-buffer if necessary and scroll forward.
	  Use this to view a changing file.
=	prints the current line number.
%	goes prefix argument (default 100) percent into buffer.
g	goes to line given by prefix argument (default first line).
.	set the mark.
x	exchanges point and mark.
@	return to mark and pops mark ring.
	  Mark ring is pushed at start of every successful search and when
	  jump to line occurs.  The mark is set on jump to buffer start or end.
m	save current position in character register.
'	go to position saved in character register.
s	do forward incremental search.
r	do reverse incremental search.
/	searches forward for regular expression, starting after current page.
	  ! and @ have a special meaning at the beginning of the regexp.
	  ! means search for a line with no match for regexp.  @ means start
	  search at beginning (end for backward search) of buffer.
\	searches backward for regular expression, starting before current page.
n	searches forward for last regular expression.
p	searches backward for last regular expression.
q	quit View mode, restoring this window and buffer to previous state.
	  q is the normal way to leave view mode.
e	exit View mode but stay in current buffer.  Use this if you started
	  viewing a buffer (file) and find out you want to edit it.
	  This command restores the previous read-only status of the buffer.
E	exit View mode, and make the current buffer editable
	  even if it was not editable before entry to View mode.
Q	quit View mode, restoring all windows to previous state.
c	quit View mode and maybe switch buffers, but don't kill this buffer.
C	quit View mode, kill current buffer and go back to other buffer.


Info
q
	Quit
h
	Help on info usage
d
	Return to the info directory
l
	Go to the last node you visited (like a browser back button)
n
	Move to the next topic at this level.
p
	Move to the previous topic at this level (not like a browser back button).
	If there is no previous topic, move up a level.
u
	Up
t
	Go to top node
Space
	Scroll forward
PgUp
Del
	Scroll backward
s
	Search for a reg-exp



Buffer List (Buffer Menu)
(4.5.5 Working with the Buffer List)

g -- update the list of buffers.

n, C-n (,spc) - move down
p, C-p (,del) - move up

f, ret - select current line's buffer in place of the buffer menu (open buffer in this window)
o - select buffer in another window (buffer menu remains opened)
C-o - select buffer in another window, but does not put cursor there
q - quit buffer list

m - mark current line buffer to be displayed (each in new window)
v - select current line's buffer and (also buffers marked with m) in new windows

M-s a C-s -- Do incremental search in the marked buffers.
M-s a C-M-s -- Isearch for regexp in the marked buffers.

t -- visit-tags-table this buffer.
s -- mark that buffer to be saved, and move down.

k,d, C-k -- mark that buffer to be deleted, and move down.
C-d -- mark that buffer to be deleted, and move up.
b - bury the buffer ???

x -- delete or save marked buffers (and exit).
u -- remove all kinds of marks from current line (unmark buffer).
  With prefix argument, also move up one line.

~ -- clear modified-flag on that buffer (lie to emacs that the buffer is not modified).
% - toggle read-only status

1 - display buffer in full-screen window
2 - Display this buffer and the next one in horizontal windows.
