Vladimir Mihaylovich

https://www.youtube.com/@naexlove/search?query=зазнобин

What Beria paid for by His Life 0:00 of 9:00
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kA8kU3Rl1Tc

Near Perspectives (Efremov)
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nrVnMPubo0

2017
4istit - Zaznobin - Ierofant Priests Secrets of 33:35
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Ea7XiZn9I8
    ! As soon as one of 22 Ieforants got, that globalisation is objective proces, ...
    ! Egipet, 5000y below new era, was already 3000y of written-history (faraon Naser)
    ! Bible - is a Conception of Control, but no one from having power does not take it as it is
    !   but there was no full control function there (7 stages)
    ! Volhvy/Zhretsy was need to answer the Ultimatum of Andrey Pervozvannyi (globalisation or alternative)
    ! Zhretsy - ni tuda ni syuda
    ! Upravlyat - eto predvidet (kuda poydyot object of control)
    ! Knyazhesko-Boyarskaya corporaciya became to loose that control function
    ! 10 centuries after RU - crestilas (but mezhduusobitsy - usililis, as a result - Mongolo-Tatarskoe nashestvie)
    ! RU of Ruricovichi podnyalas - 300 years and catastrophe
    ! Romanovs (after smuta) - predraspolozhennost oni prinesli sami
    ! from 1928-29 ... till 1952 - strashnaya tyazhyolaya collectivisatiya, industrializaciya, pobeda in War, after that in 5 years recovered ...
    ! Rejected card system before GB (non-catastrophic period), RU upraised to 2-nd World Derzhava
    ! from 53 Trotskists headed by Hrusch, pokatili koleso istorii vspyat to catastrophe of 1991
    ! Stalin could not solve a problem of Educational Standards
    ! Revolution didn't changed EDU Standards
    ! Biblian EDU Standards came to our time
    ! All Marxism - is some kind of civil modification of Bible
    ! The main problem is - Slavery-nature of society
    ! Just Alexandr III polozhil begin of Degradation (Law of Kuharkiny Deti)
    ! US and GB history was non-catastrophic
    ! Global conceptual Power choosed them as a provodnic of their conception of control
    ! We ispolnyaem tu missiyu, which obyazany byli ispolnit posle prihoda Andreya Pervozvannogo ...
2016
4istit - Zaznobin - Why Got Rid of Efremov of 22:17
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUOumKYJhL0
    ! exoteric edu standards: materiya energiya prostranstvo vremya
    ! esoteric edu standards: meteriya informatiya mir
2014
PlanetDostoyanie - How Atlantida was Destroyed 0:00 of 12:33
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPZgwTypX04
    ! 3:00 Merezhkovskiy - Mistery of 3 ... about Egipet
    ! Platon Kritiy ...
    ! Sklyarov - Piramidy vystroeny ne v Egipte (eto dopotopnyhe sooruzheniya)
    !   inside - volnovody - perevod zvukovyh colebaniy v ultra-zvukovye, nizkochastotnyi parametric rezonans
    ! Durin experiments zhretsy skoree vsego popali na sobstvennuyu chastotu collebaniya zemli (dlina volny - 1/5 km)
    ! plity sdvinulis i voda smyla vsyo
2011
4istit - Zaznobin - What Killed Stalin for of 18:58
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCUfR6o3MOY
    ! Egregor (from latin egrega - sborka, energy, ..., information)
    !   rodovye, cultural, common-civilizational ones
    !   Ostapa poneslo - this is egregor
    ! Stalin vpervye povernul process rosta cen vspyat
    !   etot process mog obresti neobratimyi haracter
    !   seychas takoy podyom duha - tolko vo Vietname
    ! Chelovek - eto prezhde vsego volya (a u zhivotnogo - pobuzhdenie)
    ! Volya - eto sposobnost samomu sebe skazat Tsyts, kogda tebya nesyot
    ! 11:00 Those, who rulled USSR destruction, needed just energy for podkachka eggregorialno-matrix control
    ! Now - matrix of national-vozhdism (will be spory, good Stalin or Bad)
    ! Stalin was given to RU in order to avoid society going to resonans
    !   his book "Economical Problems of Socialism"
